Request review (#12)
avichazen/api-doc-example-obw: README.md

If General Putnam Motel Diner management approves POC, they will pay for the final app.

# Authentication

To make an order, there is an authentication process.

> See here for [Authentication](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/Authentication.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Authentication](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/Authentication.md), for more information. 
```

# Error Codes

The General Putnam Motel Diner API follows standard HTTP status codes for success or failure of an API call.  

> See here for [Error Codes](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/Error%20Codes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Error Codes](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/Error%20Codes.md) for more information.
```

https://api.gpmd.com

# Resources 

The General Putnam Motel Diner API contains the following resources:
* [GET Reference Guide](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/References/GET%20Reference%20Guide.md)
* [POST Reference Guide](https://github.com/avichazen/api-doc-example-obw/blob/main/References/POST%20Reference%20Guide.md)

# Workflow for Front End Developers

> ![simple workflow](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70967800/101278255-d912c080-37c2-11eb-8b52-c46b68bfbc19.png)

Reviewer: what is the name of the graphic?
it should be more like
```'![simple workflow](/folder/name.png)```

Author: Workflow diagram fixed. Please review
